# Multilingual_chatbot_guvi
   This project aim is to develop a Multilingual bot which answer user query in different language. Knowledge base file about GUVI is created and uploaded in colab manually as the input text file(guvi_txt1) . The bot first detect whether the user query is in english or not. if the user query is not in english then it translate the query to english using lang detect package and google translate and then give the answer back in the same language. Main goal is to provide seamless , language-independent interaction with the chatbot. The Document loader from langchain convert various document format to standard structure. TextLoader is used for for loading the text file.Langchain doesnt have build in preprocess step so it is done manually using regex because the document we load contain noisey data. Once the document is loaded splitter takes place from langchain.text_splitter import RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter . it splits large document into smaller pieces for better retrieval.from langchain.embeddings import HuggingFaceEmbeddings we convert text chunks into numerical vectors that capture semantic meaning. from langchain_community.vectorstores.faiss import FAISS stores embedding and enable fast similarity search to find relevant chunks.FAISS is fast, scalable and free open-source facebook AI tool that has fast processing with CUDA. Retrieval finds the most relevant chunk from the document based on the query. convert query to embedding , search for vector db for similaar chunk and return top-k most relevant result. user retrieved context to generate accurate contextual responsse with an LLM. Prompt template combines retrieved chunks with query query and create structured prompt with context. LLM generatws response based on provided context. RAG system is evaluated by how relevant or accuractely the query is answered.
